morning all there's quite an interesting
resource at chess world has been there
for quite a few years it's on the
improved menu play like the Masters and
recently I've changed it so you've got
the major expired quick picks here which
are quite short decisive because both
games so we can use this to click the
game and that list is ones which you
haven't done before so this is explore
against sender which was actually video
annotated on this channel I think this
year and so what you do you can try it
and play a move and if it's correct it
will show the response so you're like
playing like Cosmo for trying to emulate
sparf and I'm familiar with this game so
I've got an advantage here of course I
shouldn't get too many wrong so I think
this was the one with a quick 'if I've
break I think it was actually hear that
black allowed this ePHI break and here
there's a good move e 6 i'm taking here
okay i got that wrong in fact laughing
played Queen takes so he's we can
actually see seven then he took on e5
and we've c7 he attacks it now and he
attacks the rook quite forcing game
really nothing he played f4 embarrassing
the night so black had to be resourceful
here with this check for Bishop b6 who
run from the video so this happened but
now I think sparf still had an advantage
here and did he take on f7 no I think he
might have played f5 okay then taking
here hope
and I kept that resource that e-cigs
attacking resource on Issei so he just
took hair and this f8 was a troublesome
Bishop g5 in this position embarasses e7
but that wasn't the move no actually
maybe just Bishop h6 because then I knew
the rooks holding f8 was that it yeah
black tried to do something about it
with Bishop g7 now Brooke a d1 and now
blacks actually weaker on the back row
and now the brook huffing just switched
hair for real hair 48 and black wasn't
even in a position to defend fa now I've
got an advantage i did a video this
recently we can go and click on scores
you can see how well you've done
compared to other members so the scores
show there's quite a detailed log as
well if you click on log it would show
you what we've just done the moves which
we had correct on wrong so you can go to
any thing to see you know where it was
where you went wrong so here what went
wrong with the idea to weaken c7 not
night tags I think that would just allow
Queen tanks or something so here the
crap move was Queen takes so yeah it's
quite an interesting resource and if so
we've done that game if you want to see
more you just go back to the improved
menu play like the Masters and you can
go with another pic so 9 10 6 hey it's a
game ID different game ID and what I'll
do this would normally be presented but
what I'm going to do for the next few
weeks just to demo this feature it to
let you try a few of these on a
particular day even as I guess then I'm
going to raise the limit to say five a
day so you should be able to pick five
of these for fun and training purposes
it is the summer and so I hope that
would be useful to you as a resource if
it was
if for them it was up trying five games
a day you can pick from this special
list are very short spin-off games to
try this feature if you really want i
can i can raise it higher than five it's
it's no big deal for me i can put it to
10 i put it to 10 i'll put it to 10 so
you can get a good feel of this resource
so you can go for these because part of
quick picks to try out this feature and
see how you compare to other members ok
comments or questions on youtube thanks
very much